hey everyone this is Beautyrest Jamie
and today I'm gonna be doing my
long-awaited tiny tower update video and
I said I was gonna do it money so I'm
doing it on Monday so I'm gonna open my
tiny tower up here and I've been playing
that much all lately this week to be
honest because this game gets kind of
fresh training after a while but at the
same time it's super easy and there's a
lot of things to take advantage of right
now I'm playing on my iPhone 5 and I
love it on the iPhone 5 because it makes
everything look so much better and
clearer but right now I'm at 3.7 million
and 404 bucks
and I'll show you guys later how easy it
is to really make bucks but I'm just
gonna stock my floor first okay so I
just off my floor outside of the camera
because for you guys to watch that would
take way too long because I have under
38 floors but we just lower the volume
or this was pretty loud anyway so this
one might our looks like right now and a
question I get a lot is how to move the
floor it's actually really easy so I'm
going to show you right now so I have
these three floors that need to be moved
so I'm gonna move this one versus the
ship apartments and I like to keep all
my apartment floors on the bottom so
it's easier to find people when they're
not at their jobs so I'm just gonna hit
the floor I'm just gonna hit the floor
anyway I'm gonna hit the move button
right there it's a green button on the
bottom all you do is hit move and then
move this floor I crossed over on bucks
just hit yes and then you have this
arrow to move it up or down so I'm gonna
move it all the way down to the
apartments and yeah I just keep pressing
until you go all the way to the bottom
it doesn't take as long as you think
all right so here I'm just going to hit
the X button and that's pretty much it
and I'm also going to move the other one
up here
this is scoops the ice-cream place so
I'm going to move it down to where the
food floors are
and that's pretty much it I always put
it on top of the latest of relevant
floor and as you can see it really
doesn't take very long I don't feel like
doing that right now
so in this game you never have to buy
bucks I have four hundred and two still
and I haven't even played that much so
if you go to menu and you go to missions
here all you have to do is do these and
just pick one that you have the floors
of to collect the items and you can earn
earn like 25 bucks here it's really easy
and then this is just how I get bucks to
like move the distance in and out to get
the VIPs which I'll show you guys in a
bit
but this is really easy all you to do is
just do these missions and you'll get a
lot of bucks also when you fully stop
the floors and you get three of them
then you'll also get bugs I'll try to do
that in another video because I don't
have any floors that are fully stocked
right now but once I do do another video
on that so as you can see it's super
easy to get box all you do is different
missions never spend money on them
because you really don't need to in this
game and this is what my floor looks
like you have all the food floors here
these are the service floors blue ones I
believe they're called
really organized and here have the
Recreational which are the yellow floors
I'll start together
here I have retail anyway so I'm also
going to show you how many non VIP
businesses I have also or non-dream drop
I mean alright so right now I have 234
dream jobs and 245 regular citizens so
the way that I do this is just taking
one buck to try to move one in and then
move them out until I get a dream job
and like I said before it's really easy
to get bucks in this game so you don't
have to worry about wasting them because
you can always earn more I only have
about eleven non dream job medicines
here usually with my non dream job this
is I just keep them for a little while
and then I end up moving them out until
I get ones that have dream jobs because
I really don't like having the non cream
job ones I just you know I usually just
keep the ones do how they dream jobs in
a fake dome I usually evict them and
then try to get one that does but
sometimes I just keep them just to get
like a stocked floor or something like
that so that's pretty much what I do
alright also does this happen to anyone
else
if you hit like the friends button it
like just closes the app I don't know it
doesn't let me look at any of my friends
um towers so let me know if you guys
have any suggestions on that cuz I think
my thing is really messed up so that's
pretty much my tower alright so that's
pretty much it on my tower this is what
it looks like up to date I hope you guys
enjoy this update video please like
comment and subscribe and I'll talk to
you later bye